[ Background Music ]
>> And I think many
people today don't know
>> -- what to believe anymore.
>> -- need to keep on
>> -- help uncover
what really happened.
>> I felt like something
was watching me.
>> We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told the
entire story.
>> George Noory: So do
you remember your dream
from last night?
And just simply what
does it mean?
Our guest on Beyond Belief,
Kelly Sullivan Walden.
She is an expert on dreams
and dream interpretations,
noted author of course.
"I Had the Strangest Dream"
and "It's All in Your Dreams".
Let's welcome to
Beyond Belief Kelly.
Hey, how are you?
Good to have you with us.
>> Kelly: It's great
to be with you George.
>> George Noory: Strange dreams
and dreams of-- what
do they mean?
People wake up in the morning
and they go, oh, my gosh.
What did that mean?
I'm going to throw to you
some various aspects of dreams
and then you can tell me what
they mean and what they do.
>> Kelly: Super.
>> George Noory: As a
dream expert have you found
that in this day and age
with so many things going
on that people are
dreaming more about things
that are truly current events
or are they dreaming less?
>> Kelly: It depends on the
person but I'd say in general,
people are dreaming about the
drama that they're seeing on TV,
the weather, the crazy things
that are happening politically.
A lot of people are
having dreams
that reflect those
realities and yet it's lovely
when we can have a dream sojourn
that goes beyond the ordinary
things that are happening
in this world where we can
get a higher perspective.
It's kind of like zooming out
from the world and going oh,
wait a second there's
a big universe here
and we're a part of that.
It can give us that
larger perspective
so that we can come
back down to earth
and actually be of
some earthly good.
>> GN: There's nothing
like a dream
that changes your
life and affects it.
I mean it's so powerful.
>> Kelly: Oh yeah, and these
dreams that some people have,
I've had my own and some people
that I write about and talk
about have had really powerful
dreams from years before
and over time the energy of that
dream becomes more significant,
more visceral and has a
continuing positive effect.
So not just healing a body but
being able to take a person
into the realm of beyond
surviving into thriving,
into doing really, really well.
I have an example of
that but I don't know
if you want me to go into that.
>> GN: Yeah go ahead.
Tell me about it.
>> Kelly: Well, Diane
who I write about in
"It's All in Your Dreams."
She had a dream that she
was-- it was a simple dream.
She had a dream that she was
floating and she was surrounded
in all these beautiful
billowing fabrics
and she found herself smiling
and in the dream she
audibly heard smile.
Smile big.
Smile as big as you can kind
of like Candid Camera
kind of a thing.
She woke up laughing
and smiling and feeling
so good in this dream.
And she wrote some about this.
She sent me an e-mail and said,
"What does this dream mean?"
And I said, "Honey, some
dreams are good to interpret,
other dreams are just to
meditate and marinate in.
Use the energy of
this dream every day.
Think about the energy
of this dream.
Remember how it felt."
I got an e-mail from
her six months later.
I had never heard
from her before.
Six months later she
said, "This is Diane.
I'm the smile big lady and what
I didn't tell you six months ago
was I had been diagnosed
terminal brain cancer.
I'd been given three
months to live
and I didn't want to do chemo.
I didn't want do
all of the things
that the doctors
wanted me to do but out
of nowhere I got this dream
and I had nothing
to smile big about.
My life had fallen apart.
My relationship left me.
My place was a mess.
Everything was a mess and
yet here's this dream.
And that's why I wrote to you
because it didn't make any sense
that I would have this dream
in the midst of this mess."
"But," she said, "But I did
what you said and like medicine,
every day I meditated on
the feeling and the energy
of this dream for a
few minutes," she said,
"and my cancer is gone.
I've been given a
clean bill of health."
>> GN: Gone?
>> Kelly: Gone.
It was as if it fell out.
It dropped out and she said
"It just doesn't happen."
It's a schwannoma.
I write about it.
It's many syllables.
It's a tumor that just
pffff, like it fell out
and she sends me pictures almost
every week of her riding horses,
her with her new relationship,
running on the beach,
healthiest person you've
ever seen in your life.
And this has been now three
years since I received that.
>> GN: That's remarkable.
>> Kelly: Yeah, and she
says that she continues.
She's now past the
threat of surviving.
She thinks about that dream
still every day and it's
like her personal access to
the Divine, to a higher realm
and it's her own
one-of-a-kind, freshly-minted,
just for her access that
she keeps using and it's
like her secret success formula.
And I would dare say
that we all have these.
We all get some form of
that that we can use,
that we can think about
after the fact even years
after the fact and it can give
us a raise in energy and kind
of a more enlightened way of
being in this world which is
where it's so exciting.
>> GN: What does it mean?
I'm going to throw some
examples of dreams that a lot
of people have and so
this is not uncommon.
>> Kelly: Great.
>> GN: One is the dream where
you're teeth are falling out.
Who would dream of that?
But they do.
>> Kelly: So many people,
this is one of the most
commonly remembered dreams.
P. S. People most
typically remember the dreams
that are the most scary because
they affect us viscerally
and it imprints us so that
they're a little bit easier
to remember.
Teeth falling out is a
horrifying experience.
I've had that before.
>> GN: Uh-huh.
>> Kelly: So I like to
say, here's my disclaimer.
We're all unique beings.
We all have a unique
fingerprint.
There's no one dream
interpretation that's just a pat
answer for everybody.
However, we have so much
in common us human beings
that we could look at
things archetypally and say,
consider this as a possible
interpretation of your dream.
So with that said, if it were
my dream, if I had a dream
of my teeth falling out
I would think of okay--
>> GN: Weird.
>> Kelly: Well teeth
are in the mouth.
They're located in the mouth and
just about anything that relates
to the mouth we could say
represents communication issues,
so loose teeth like
loose lips sink ships,
it's like where were you loose
with your speech
earlier that day?
Where were you just
going, ah, ah, ah,
gossiping about somebody?
Not that anyone here would
ever do anything like that
or teeth also are
what we eat with.
If we lost our teeth and we
were in the wild for example,
we wouldn't survive long, so
often teeth lost in a dream is
about incredible stress
about survival issues.
Am I going to make it?
A lot of people that have teeth
falling out dreams happen to be
in the midst of a
financial pinch
so that's what you could say
is a possible interpretation
of that dream.
>> GN: What about falling?
>> Kelly: Yes, falling.
Well, as I said once upon a
time falling can represent
that the falling spirits
are calling you to them,
that you're being
called to drop in deeper
and become more grounded
and you can also say
that falling might be that
things are falling apart
and this is part of the life--
>> GN: Your life is
crumbling or something?
>> Kelly: Right and
we're always in a cycle
of life-death-life-death-life.
Within our life things
get built, they fall down.
They get built, they fall down.
So it's telling us that
things are falling apart.
That's not a bad thing.
If you're embracing the fact
that we're always changing
then falling dreams are good.
It could let you know that
you've got more on your plate.
you're falling in love.
You get overwhelmed
when you fall in love.
>> GN: Sure.
>> Kelly: Something really
good having an avalanche
of great things in your
life can also cause you
to feel overwhelmed.
Too many people coming
to your house
when you don't want
too big of a party.
It's too much.
You can't handle it.
So the dream is telling
you get some support.
Get some help.
Get organized.
Get grounded.
>> GN: Is a dream a
mechanism to protect you
in your physical life?
>> Kelly: Ummm.
Very much so.
It certainly can be.
I look at dreams from kind
of the ordinary survival
perspective
and then the thriving
perspective.
So cavemen wrote their
dreams down on cave walls
and often those hieroglyphics
are
about big animals chasing them
and how to protect themselves.
So if you have a dream
that something bad is going
to happen the next day consider
that that's also a blessing
because it gives you,
you've received a preview
of coming events or
possible coming events
so that you can position
yourself more advantageously
so should it happen
you've rehearsed this.
You already know what you're
going to do, where you're going
to go, how you're
going to handle this
and what you're going to say.
So that's a really good thing.
It's better than not having that
and just being blindsided
out of the blue.
So sometimes having these
dreams, they could be scary
but I always look for how is
this a blessing in my life
and how can I use
it in that way?
>> GN: Outside of sleep apnea
some people wake up exhausted
and let's take the
medical condition
out of it for the moment.
If it's merely tied to
the subconscious mind,
to the dream state why are they
so tired when they wake up?
>> Kelly: Well, there's
a lot of people
and I would dare say the
people that watch your show
and listen to your radio show--
>> GN: -- are insomniacs.
>> Kelly: -- are insomniacs
but they're also people
that live a somewhat
alternative lifestyle
and are living outside
the box and they may be,
there's a few people I know that
have sent me dreams about being
on crafts, being, having,
exploring other dimensions
in their dreams and of course
they would wake up exhausted
because they've been
working really hard.
They've been exploring other
species or being explored
and that would leave
a person exhausted.
So if you wake up exhausted
it means you've probably been
really active in
your waking state
and give yourself a break
the next day to recalibrate.
>> GN: Should you get
checked out medically too just
to be on the safe side?
>> Kelly: It doesn't hurt.
Oh, yeah. I always say cover--
>> GN: A lot of people
have apnea.
>> Kelly: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Cover that base for sure.
I'm assuming people sort of do.
Cover that base and then get
into the metaphysical
explanations.
>> GN: When you started
studying dreams in the beginning
and you go all the way back
when you were a little child
but as you grew to your
adult stage did you--
>> Kelly: Wait a second
you're saying I'm an adult?
>> GN: Yeah, you're an adult.
>> Kelly: What?
>> GN: Did you witness
precognitive dreams
and things like that?
>> Kelly: Uh-huh.
>> GN: Lucid dreaming?
And let's talk about
the difference of those.
>> Kelly: Oh,
well a precognitive dream you
don't know it's a precognitive
until something shows up in
your waking world the next day
or soon thereafter that is
a reflection of something
that you dreamt about and the
only way you really have proof
is if you've written it down
which I highly recommend.
There are great dream
apps that you can use.
I use a free dream app
called Dreams Cloud.
Document those dreams because
you might second guess yourself.
>> GN: If something
happens there they are.
Right?
>> Kelly: Absolutely,
so precognitive dream,
if people are really good
at them one way you know
it's a precognitive dream is
because it comes in a
particular repeatable way,
like for example, there's
a few guys that I know,
there's these guys that work
on a project called The
Lucid Dreaming Project
and they met each other
because of the synchronicity
around every time they would
have a precognitive dream it
would take place
in a movie theater.
So pretty sure if they
woke up and they had been
in a movie theater in
their dream they would tend
to think okay this
was predictive.
So if you get good at this
and you've tracked your dreams
you've become the anthropologist
of your own dreams in your own
life then you know what the
telltale signs are.
One woman always has
a Franciscan monk
that shows up and he's hooded.
She can't see his face but
when he shows up she knows,
oh my God, listen
to what he says.
Do not second guess this man
because there's always
something important that he says
that relates to what's going
on in her life in things
that haven't happened yet.
Lucid dreaming, very different
although you could say
if you become aware enough
that you're having
precognitive dreams that means
that you're aware that
you're dreaming in the dream.
Then you can use that as a
springboard for lucid dreaming.
Sometimes and here's one of the
blessings in disguise for people
that have scary dreams,
regular nightmares
that take place that
are similar--
>> GN: Night terrors, right?
>> Kelly: Night terrors or
nightmares that take place
in a similar dreamscape.
If you know I'm always
running down a hallway
when this scary thing
comes racing after me,
you know this hallway is a
sign that you're dreaming.
And I've talked to people
and I've people do this now.
The next time you're
in a hallway even
if you're running
remember this is a dream.
Turn around and do
something different.
If you're lucid dreaming
and you're the director
of your dream, some people
do have a lucid dream
but they freeze and they
don't know what to do.
It's like now that I'm
lucid what am I going to do,
have sex with somebody,
have a million dollars?
But prepare where
you want to go.
Is there another planet
you want to explore?
Is there a departed loved one?
Do you want to hang
out with Elvis?
Do you want to find out
why your father left you?
Do you want to, I mean
what do you want to find
out once you're in
that wonderful--
>> GN: Can you do
that in a lucid dream?
>> Kelly: Absolutely.
And it helps if you're prepared.
>> GN: See I always thought a
lucid dream was you could just
change the outcome of the dream.
So if you're dreaming of going
on a cruise you can
change the direction
of where you want
to go for example.
>> Kelly: Sure.
It helps in some way to rehearse
it unless you're such an expert.
There are some people
that are so good.
Just like the dancers
on "Dancing
With the Stars" are not ordinary
dancers there are some people
that are like lucid
dreaming with the stars.
They're just so good they
can go anywhere, do anything,
go backwards, forward,
heal multiple people.
They can do whatever they want.
That's amazing and I bow to
those people and thank God
that they're on the planet.
But for the average person it
is about changing the dream,
being aware that you're
dreaming but if you have a sense
that okay, I'm going to
practice lucid dreaming tonight.
What do I want to do, so
that you're not just frozen
and you don't know and you
do something silly like,
I'm going to kiss somebody or
run through a wall which is fine
but if you have that opportunity
you could go anywhere,
do anything.
Take advantage of it.
>> GN: You've said a little
bit that some dreaming might be
like an American Express card.
What does that mean?
At my limit or what?
>> Kelly: Don't leave
home without it.
No, George.
It's don't leave
home without it.
There's some indigenous cultures
that would say if you came
to the morning dream circle
without a dream you would get
dirty looks from everybody
and the tribal elder would look
at you and say, "Go back to bed.
How dare you wake up and
be a part of this community
without a remembered dream.
How irresponsible of you.
So go back, get your dream and
then you're welcome to come back
and have some breakfast."
So I think it would be
really great and I'm kind
of on the bandwagon
to create a movement
where we treat our
dreams like that.
Where we wouldn't got out of the
house without brushing our teeth
or if we have an
American Express card it's
in our wallet we don't
leave home without it,
so we should treat
our dreams this way.
At least one dream per day that
we have in our consciousness.
We meditate on it a little bit
in the morning and we carry it
into our day, into our
waking lives and watch
for the dream synchronicities.
Watch for things to happen
that are truly magical
and beautiful and wonderful.
It gives us an added
advantage and we can use that.
>> GN: Sure.
>> Kelly: There's a lot
of challenges going
on in this world.
We can use all the
help we can get
and we've got this wisdom that's
pouring in every night and most
of the time we say, nah, I don't
need it, but we do actually.
>> GN: Do you enjoy doing
dream interpretations?
>> Kelly: I get such a thrill.
I get such a thrill because
I've always been the type
that would love to get--
I feel like time is short.
Our life is short so I want to
have every interaction I have
with a person like I'm having
with you, I want it to count.
I don't want to just
talk about the weather,
even though the weather can
be interesting depending
on where in the world you are.
But when we talk about dreams
we're actually speaking
from our soul.
It's soul to soul instantly,
so even among strangers--
I've been at cocktail parties
where I didn't know a soul.
Somebody introduces
me as the dream lady
and people start
telling me their dreams
and then they start crying.
They start revealing and it's
like in a second all ego,
pretense is gone and it's
heart to heart, soul to soul.
And everyone who's there
watching is part of that
and to me it's so satisfying to
get to relate to people that way
and to have people--
it's like my calling card
that invites people to
strip off their masks,
strip off their ego,
not necessarily their
clothes, although that's fine.
>> GN: That happens.
>> Kelly: That does happen
but to connect like this,
it's like ah, every
day is precious
and it's one way to get in.
If we were a more enlightened
species we would just always
relate to each other soul
to soul, heart to heart,
spirit to spirit but this
is kind of a way to get
in before we're all
that enlightened.
>> GN: Do you get hassled
when you're at parties
because people know what you do?
>> Kelly: I love it.
I never, people will say,
oh, it's like being a doctor
and somebody telling you
that their shoulder hurts,
to me it's not like that.
It's my favorite topic.
I never get bored with it.
I can hear dreams that relate to
each other and that are similar
but I never hear the
same dream twice.
And to me I could cry how moving
it is to me because it's really,
dream work is soul work and
it puts me more in my soul.
I feel like if there
was a problem
that this world has it's
a lack of soulfulness.
That's why Native Americans
talk about soul retrieval.
Dream work is soul retrieval so
that we can get our souls back
in these bodies and then work
on growing the soul and then
when our soul grows
it's like, ah,
we become, life becomes magical.
>> GN: Why do we
have nightmares?
>> Kelly: There's many
different reasons.
Sometimes it's very personal
because there's unresolved
conflict.
>> GN: Things happening to us.
>> Kelly: Right, traumas
that we've and there's a lot
of people that I know that
have post traumatic stress.
They have been through war.
I just met with some guys
from the Wounded Warrior
Project yesterday.
>> GN: Truly a serious
affliction.
>> Kelly: My God, a black
ops guy who was blown up
and everyone with him
died except for him.
>> GN: And he sees all this.
>> Kelly: Right, so one way is
the dreams are helping us to try
to figure out how to make
sense of this, how to grapple
with this and how
to put it somewhere
so that the psychologically
we can be more
at peace with what's going on.
Now there's some people
however, and I met one guy
in Isla Mujeres, Mexico
who is a tattoo artist.
You'd never expect, covered
in tattoos, the sweetest soul.
One of the most enlightened
glowing beings I've ever seen
and he has nightmares
every night and he believes
that he's helping
to heal the people
in his community based
on these nightmares.
It's not his own
personal issues.
It's transpersonal.
So some people if they're are
having really bad dreams it's
not necessarily a
mark against them
that anything wrong happened to
them it may be that you're doing
so well that you're the
sacrificial lamb that's helping
to heal the world.
>> GN: Let's talk about
the ability in our dreams
to change our lives by
concentrating on something
and having it actually happen.
How does that work?
>> Kelly: Well, if there's
something beautiful,
I mean here's one example
that happened to me.
May I share a personal?
>> GN: Yes you may.
>> Kelly: I didn't set out for
this to happen but I had one
of the most wonderful
dreams of my life.
Long story short, I'm
swimming with dolphins.
I call it dolphin celebration
and I write about it in detail
in my book but I'm having this
party with these dolphins.
One dolphin is enough to
make me over the top with joy
but a whole pod of them
and a whole ocean full
of them was like, oh my God,
so I'm weeping in the dream
with joy and then I become
one of them and I'm swimming
with them at the speed of
light and I'm realizing--
>> GN: Are you holding on to
them or are you doing the--
>> Kelly: No, no I'm with them.
I'm one of them.
I'm part of the pod.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> Kelly: And I'm realizing
we're all uniquely expressed and
yet we're all connected.
This is an imprint of how to
flow and how to be in community
with one another in a
way that's intuitive.
I woke up from that dream
and I have contact lenses
so my contacts were blurry.
I went and I rinsed them out
and they were still blurry
and I still couldn't see
very well, put in a new pair
of contacts because
they were still blurry.
Those contacts were blurry,
went to the eye doctor
a few days later
because I need to see.
I'm a writer.
I need to see.
Couldn't see for three days.
Went to the eye doctor,
figured that I need
to get a stronger prescription.
Turns out that my
eyes had improved
so drastically overnight
that the prescription
that I was wearing was
causing my eyes to blur.
>> GN: Yeah.
>> Kelly: And he kept checking.
He kept me in there all day.
>> GN: He had no idea
how this happened.
>> Kelly: This never happens.
People with eyes
get worse over time.
Just like our health
declines over time.
No, not necessarily.
These dreams that we have
sometimes can have us age
backwards, can put us into
better health than we were
in before we went
to sleep that night.
It happens all the time.
It helps to remember
those dreams.
You can work with the energy
of them and keep it going.
>> GN: Can you change
your attitude in a dream?
I mean, a lot of
people are upset.
They are depressed.
Things are happening.
Can you fix yourself that way?
>> Kelly: So many
times and again,
this is about remembered dreams.
It's kind of like breathing.
We don't have to know that
we're breathing to know
that we benefit from it.
It's an autonomic function.
That's the same with our dreams.
We don't have to remember them
in order to benefit from them.
So many good things
are happening to us
because of the dreams
that we forgot all about.
However, if we're aware
that we're breathing we
can take a deep breath
and we can modulate
a little differently.
If we can remember
that we're dreaming
and remember a dream then we can
add exponential work to that.
We can benefit from
it exponentially
so there's people I know that
have been in long-term feuds
with one another,
like a family feud.
Unforgivable things
have happened
and then they have a
remembered dream that they
in the dream were the person
that they were so mad at.
They got to, in a sense, walk
20 miles in their moccasins
in the dream and they woke
up realizing this is why
they were so mad at me.
This is why they
did what they did.
Compassion, instant
compassion that nothing else
in this world would
have given them
and then there's they have the
olive branch and they're able
to make amends because
of something
that happens in a dream.
I hear that all the
time as well.
And I'd like to hear about
it more often when it comes
to countries feuding with
one another but if it happens
on the individual level
there is a ripple effect
that goes out from there.
>> GN: You do interesting work.
You really do.
>> Kelly: Thank you.
>> GN: You talk a
little bit about how
in your dream state you can
heal yourself from afflictions.
I'm not sure, God forbid if
I came down with the big C,
if I wouldn't listen
to doctors as well.
>> Kelly: Right.
>> GN: But there are
some gutsy people
who will do what they
do in your dream state.
How does that work?
How do your dreams
heal yourself?
>> Kelly: Part of
it is the dream.
Part of it is what you do with
the dream in your waking state
so there's a woman named Kathy
Canacus [assumed spelling]
that I write about any book
and I've interviewed
her extensively.
She had just had a mammogram
and was given a clean
bill of health.
Everything was perfect, fine,
fabulous, but she has a dream.
The Franciscan monk shows up.
>> GN: Sure.
>> Kelly: And he points at
a place on her left breast
on the underside and
says, "You've got cancer."
>> GN: In the dream?
>> Kelly: In the dream and
she was like, "Wait a second.
I was so happy that
I was-- I am healthy.
I'm fine."
And he's like, "No."
So she goes back to
the doctors and says,
"I need to get another
mammogram."
Still the mammogram doesn't
show up with anything.
>> GN: Wow.
>> Kelly: She gets an MRI.
It doesn't show up but she
keeps having the dream.
>> GN: Wow.
And the doctor must
think enough is enough.
>> Kelly: She's crazy.
Her husband, everyone is saying,
"Honey you're a healthy woman.
Enjoy it. Do you know how
many people would be so happy
to be told that they have
a clean bill of health.
Go home. Enjoy yourself."
But she keeps having this dream.
Finally she insists on
getting exploratory surgery
even though--
>> GN: Whoa, what doctor
would do that, huh?
>> Kelly: The monk told her in
the dream I will be with you
and he actually hands
her a feather.
He said to her, "Walk in
holding this imaginary feather
and you'll have the
authority to claim."
So they do exploratory surgery.
Sure enough, stage three cancer.
>> GN: How did they miss that?
>> Kelly: How did they miss it?
It happens.
Actually, I'm covered
in chills as I say this.
It happens all the time.
And Kathy is now a big
advocate for people getting MRIs
and having actual x-rays.
>> GN: Obviously
they didn't work.
>> Kelly: Well, sometimes,
I mean they work better
than than mammograms.
Most mammograms miss
so much but that dream,
she's a three time
breast cancer survivor.
She's had a double mastectomy
but if you saw her today
and she walked in here you'd
think she was the picture
of health.
She's doing great.
She's alive and well.
She's writing her own book
called "Surviving Cancer Land."
So that's one example.
I've got others too but
it's really important.
>> GN: So the body can
be healed by your dreams
or you get these messages.
>> Kelly: If you, I
mean basically it comes
down to the word respect.
I think about Aretha
Franklin, R-E-S-P-E-C-T.
Most people don't respect their
dreams in the western world
because when we remember them
they seem so cryptic and so hard
to understand that we kind
of discard them and put them
in the unsolved mysteries
heap and move on.
But if we respect them, if
we have a deep respect even
if we don't understand them then
we'll begin to get a little bit
of a download into what they
mean and how to work with them.
And even if we don't
know what to do
with them you can do what's
called dream tending which is
where you hang out with the
dream like it's a buddy.
You're just hanging out with
it even though your like,
I don't get you but we're going
to spend some time together
and eventually through
osmosis you'll start
to have an ah-ha moment about
what the dream was telling you.
>> GN: In the dream state a
lot of people have thought
of being abducted by aliens
and taken to UFOs and crafts.
Do you get some of that in
your hypnotherapy sessions?
>> Kelly: Oh yeah.
I get quite a bit of that and
I like to look at every dream
from the perspective
of look at it literally
and then look at
it metaphysically.
Look at it from all
different perspective,
from the perspective that
everyone in the dream is us.
What could be most alien
to us is our own power
and for some their true
self so consider looking
at it symbolically,
that it could be that.
In other cases, I think
it could be quite physical
or quite literal.
>> GN: Something could
have happened to them.
Yeah.
>> Kelly: Well certainly,
certainly and there's one story
about a woman who, I mean
there's so many stories
about people that
dream of being abducted
and having a whole life spent
where they're either running
from the aliens or making
love with the aliens
or befriending them and
learning things from them.
And in every case, I'd say just
about every case, they come back
into the waking state a bit
different than they were
when they went to
sleep that night.
I would say most of the
time better than they were
when they went to sleep.
>> GN: Then they have the
recollection in the dream state?
>> Kelly: Yes and however,
there are some that say okay,
there are some negative
entities out there.
How do I protect myself
from those things?
There are many things
that you can do.
You can pray.
You can get some dream candles.
You can call on a power
[inaudible] or you can call
on your archangels or
your angels before you go
to sleep to protect yourself.
There's many, many
things you can do
to protect your dream zone
so if you don't want
these people showing up
or these beings showing
up and I don't
like where they're taking you
then you're not a victim of this
or I don't have to be
after the first time.
You can protect yourself.
>> GN: I just love how
people describe the inside
of the craft, what these
ETs look like and I mean.
I'm sure some of them
may be creating this
in their dream state
but others may have gone
through some kind
of real experience.
>> Kelly: I believe yeah,
I believe it is hybrid.
It's some of each.
>> GN: As a matter of
fact if people want
to reach you how
do they get to you?
>> Kelly: They can get
to me through my website
which is easiest,
most easily found
at Ihadthestrangestdream.com.
>> GN:
Ihadthestrangestdream.com.
Here it is, right here
with Kelly Sullivan Walden.
Kelly, thank you so much
for giving us the feedback
and the input into what a
dream is and how it works.
I appreciate it.
>> Kelly: It's such
a pleasure George.
>> GN: Welcome to Beyond Belief.
>> Kelly: Thank you.
Thank you.
It's been wonderful.
Quite dreamy.
>> GN: Dream.
It's worth it.
[ Music ]